Turn on disable APM stats in the Datadog Exporter feature gate by default (#31219)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib: exporter/datadogexporter/README.md

> Please review the Collector's [security documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/docs/security-best-practices.md), which contains recommendations on securing sensitive information such as the API key required by this exporter.

> The Datadog Exporter now skips APM stats computation by default. It is recommended to only use the Datadog Connector in order to compute APM stats.

> 

Reviewer: Can you please include example how to turnoff feature gate ? It would be helpful for customers to easily migrate to new version.

> Please review the Collector's [security documentation](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector/blob/main/docs/security-best-practices.md), which contains recommendations on securing sensitive information such as the API key required by this exporter.

> The Datadog Exporter now skips APM stats computation by default. It is recommended to only use the [Datadog Connector](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/connector/datadogconnector) in order to compute APM stats.

> > This behavior can also be enabled by enabling the `noAPMStatsFeatureGate` feature gate. Example: `otelcol --config=config.yaml --feature-gates=+noAPMStatsFeatureGate`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> This behavior can also be enabled by enabling the `exporter.datadogexporter.DisableAPMStats"` feature gate. Example: `otelcol --config=config.yaml --feature-gates=+exporter.datadogexporter.DisableAPMStats"`
```
